okay so here's how not to plan a career
one and split up with boyfriend to ditch
college three Auto work and struggling
record shop or become owner of said
record shop to stay there for rest of
life and five well there was no five she
seems standard than usual or is it the
sweater sweater what's wrong with me why
am I doomed to be less why am I doomed
to be rejected
seriously so I'm gonna ask them my
desert island all-time top five most
memorable heartbreaks
you're really gonna talk to all of them
yeah hi Rob Oh surprised you could be a
bit obsessive
a little too in touch with your feelings
I know she told me I was obsessive and
to in touch with my feelings crazy you
want to take a Vision Quest oh into your
past and source some [ __ ] out just don't
[Music]
keep listening there might be more here
than you thought
quit while you're ahead
what do you mean just stop quit before
you get to the one that broke your heart
nope I'm doing it okay sure
[Music]
you